.TH ssh\-import\-id 1 "4 Feb 2013" ssh\-import "ssh\-import"
.SH NAME
\fBssh\-import\-id\fP \- retrieve one or more public keys from a public keyserver and append them to the current user's authorized_keys file (or some other specified file)

.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI "ssh\-import\-id [options] USER_ID_1 [gh:USER_ID_2] ... [lp:USER_ID_n]

.BI "ssh\-import\-id\-lp USER_ID_1 [USER_ID_2] ... [USER_ID_n]

.BI "ssh\-import\-id\-gh USER_ID_1 [USER_ID_2] ... [USER_ID_n]

.SH OPTIONS
 \-h | \-\-help		usage
 \-o | \-\-output F	write output to file 'F' (default ~/.ssh/authorized_keys, use "\-" for standard out)
 \-r | \-\-remove  	remove keys from authorized keys file 'F'
 \-u | \-\-useragent U	append U to the user agent string
 PROTO:USER_ID		Protocol can be 'lp' for Launchpad.net, or 'gh' for Github.com

.SH DESCRIPTION
This utility will securely contact a public keyserver and retrieve one or more user's public keys, and append these to the current user's \fI~/.ssh/authorized_keys\fP file, standard output or any other specified output file.

User IDs can be prepended by a protocol:

 - \fBlp:\fP to use \fIhttps://launchpad.net/~%s/+sshkeys\fP
 - \fBgh:\fP to use \fIhttps://api.github.com/users/%s/keys\fP

If the protocol is not explicitly specified, then \fBssh-import-id\fP will read a URL variable string from \fI/etc/ssh/ssh_import_id\fP as installed by your package manager and configured by your system administrator.  You can override this locally by exporting the string you want in a URL environment variable.  If all of these are empty, then the protocol is assumed to be "lp:", which was the original target implementation of this tool.

Any keys added will be "labled" with a trailing comment, "# ssh-import-id PROTO:USER_ID".  Revoking keys will first look for lines in the authorized keys file ending with that label.

.SH SEE ALSO
\fIssh\fP(1)

.SH FILES
\fI/etc/ssh/ssh_import_id\fP

.SH AUTHOR
This manpage and the utility was written by Dustin Kirkland <dustin.kirkland@gmail.com> for Ubuntu systems (but may be used by others).  Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 published by the Free Software Foundation.

On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License can be found in /usr/share/common-licenses/GPL.
